OKRs - 2019 Q4 - Project Operations (#1042)
ipfs/team-mgmt: OKR/PROJECT.md

We frame our ongoing work using a process based on quarterly Objectives and Key Results (OKRs). Objectives reflect outcomes that are challenging, but realistic. Results are tangible and measurable.

## 2019 Q4
- **O: IPFS Project prepared for 2020 growth** 
  - Onboard 4+ new contributors with skills around Testing infra, Gateways support, go-ipfs swe, and docs content strategy

>   - 2020 planning identifies our next area of focus and starts building toward it

Reviewer: Wondering if could be at some point "<Visionary Goal part Deux>"

Author: Good idea!
```suggestion
  - 2020 planning identifies our next area of focus and updates our roadmap by Nov 16
```
